README.md, before:

# shaunsingh/solarized.nvim

## based off of the [Solarized Light Theme](https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized) for Vim

<img width="1163" alt="120370710-f2647780-c2e2-11eb-87af-6835fc8a7783" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71196912/120493248-c8fe2700-c388-11eb-8336-c01789f97e24.png">

## Features

solarized.nvim is meant to be a modern colorscheme written in lua for NeoVim that supports a lot of the new features
added to NeoVim like built-in LSP and [TreeSitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)

+ Supported plugins:
    + [TreeSitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
    + [LSP Diagnostics](https://neovim.io/doc/user/lsp.html)
    + [Lsp Saga](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
    + [LSP Trouble](https://github.com/folke/lsp-trouble.nvim)
    + [Git Gutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
    + [git-messenger](https://github.com/rhysd/git-messenger.vim)
    + [Git Signs](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
    + [Telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
    + [Nvim-Tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
    + [NERDTree](https://github.com/preservim/nerdtree)
    + [vim-which-key](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
    + [Indent-Blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
    + [WhichKey](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
    + [Dashboard](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
    + [BufferLine](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
    + [Lualine](https://github.com/hoob3rt/lualine.nvim)
    + [Neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
    + [vim-sneak](https://github.com/justinmk/vim-sneak)

+ Ability to change background on sidebar-like windows like Nvim-Tree, Packer, terminal etc.

+ Added functions for live theme switching without the need to restart NeoVim

## ⚡️ Requirements

+ Neovim >= 0.5.0

## Installation

Install via your favourite package manager:
```vim
" If you are using Vim-Plug
Plug 'shaunsingh/solarized.nvim'
```

```lua
-- If you are using Packer
use 'shaunsingh/solarized.nvim'
```

## Usage

Enable the colorscheme:
```vim
"Vim-Script:
colorscheme solarized
```

```lua
--Lua:
require('solarized').set()
```

To enable the `solarized` theme for `Lualine`, simply specify it in your lualine settings:

```lua
require('lualine').setup {
  options = {
    -- ... your lualine config
    theme = 'solarized'
    -- ... your lualine config
  }
}
```

## ⚙️ Configuration


| Option                              | Default     | Description                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| solarized_italic_comments            | `false`     | Make comments italic                                                                                                                                            |
| solarized_italic_keywords            | `false`     | Make keywords italic                                                                                                                                            |
| solarized_italic_functions           | `false`     | Make functions italic                                                                                                                                           |
| solarized_italic_variables           | `false`     | Make variables and identifiers italic                                                                                                                           |
| solarized_contrast                   | `true`      | Make sidebars and popup menus like nvim-tree and telescope have a different background                                                                                       |
| solarized_borders                    | `false`     | Enable the border between verticaly split windows visable
| solarized_disable_background         | `false`     | Disable the setting of background color so that NeoVim can use your terminal background

```lua
-- Example config in lua
vim.g.solarized_italic_comments = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_keywords = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_functions = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_variables = false
vim.g.solarized_contrast = true
vim.g.solarized_borders = false
vim.g.solarized_disable_background = false

-- Load the colorscheme
require('solarized').set()
```

```vim
" Example config in Vim-Script
let g:solarized_italic_comments = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_keywords = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_functions = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_variables = v:false
let g:solarized_contrast = v:true
let g:solarized_borders = v:false
let g:solarized_disable_background = v:false

" Load the colorsheme
colorscheme solarized
```

Commit message:

use less error colored red and orange (#4)
* use less red and orange for things that are not errors
* update README with design decisions of this fork

README.md, after:

# trevorwhitney/solarized.nvim

## based off [shaunsingh/solarized.nvim](https://github.com/shaunsingh/solarized.nvim) which was in turn based off of the [Solarized Light Theme](https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized) for Vim

<img width="1163" alt="120370710-f2647780-c2e2-11eb-87af-6835fc8a7783" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71196912/120493248-c8fe2700-c388-11eb-8336-c01789f97e24.png">

## Differences from predecesors

The main goal of this fork is to use less red and orange in the theme. I tend to think of red/orange hues as denoting an error, or a deletion, and like them used as little as possible for other purposes in color schemes.

This fork also adheres to the standard Solarized [color palette](https://ethanschoonover.com/solarized/), which was not the case for the original from `shaunsingh` when I began working on it. That change has since been [upstreamed](https://github.com/shaunsingh/solarized.nvim/pull/16).

## Features

solarized.nvim is meant to be a modern colorscheme written in lua for NeoVim that supports a lot of the new features
added to NeoVim like built-in LSP and [TreeSitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)

+ Supported plugins:
    + [TreeSitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
    + [LSP Diagnostics](https://neovim.io/doc/user/lsp.html)
    + [Lsp Saga](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim)
    + [LSP Trouble](https://github.com/folke/lsp-trouble.nvim)
    + [Git Gutter](https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter)
    + [git-messenger](https://github.com/rhysd/git-messenger.vim)
    + [Git Signs](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim)
    + [Telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
    + [Nvim-Tree.lua](https://github.com/kyazdani42/nvim-tree.lua)
    + [NERDTree](https://github.com/preservim/nerdtree)
    + [vim-which-key](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
    + [Indent-Blankline.nvim](https://github.com/lukas-reineke/indent-blankline.nvim)
    + [WhichKey](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
    + [Dashboard](https://github.com/glepnir/dashboard-nvim)
    + [BufferLine](https://github.com/akinsho/nvim-bufferline.lua)
    + [Lualine](https://github.com/hoob3rt/lualine.nvim)
    + [Neogit](https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit)
    + [vim-sneak](https://github.com/justinmk/vim-sneak)

+ Ability to change background on sidebar-like windows like Nvim-Tree, Packer, terminal etc.

+ Added functions for live theme switching without the need to restart NeoVim

## ⚡️ Requirements

+ Neovim >= 0.5.0

## Installation

Install via your favourite package manager:
```vim
" If you are using Vim-Plug
Plug 'trevorwhitney/solarized.nvim'
```

```lua
-- If you are using Packer
use 'trevorwhitney/solarized.nvim'
```

## Usage

Enable the colorscheme:
```vim
"Vim-Script:
colorscheme solarized
```

```lua
--Lua:
require('solarized').set()
```

To enable the `solarized` theme for `Lualine`, simply specify it in your lualine settings:

```lua
require('lualine').setup {
  options = {
    -- ... your lualine config
    theme = 'solarized'
    -- ... your lualine config
  }
}
```

## ⚙️ Configuration


| Option                              | Default     | Description                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| solarized_italic_comments            | `false`     | Make comments italic                                                                                                                                            |
| solarized_italic_keywords            | `false`     | Make keywords italic                                                                                                                                            |
| solarized_italic_functions           | `false`     | Make functions italic                                                                                                                                           |
| solarized_italic_variables           | `false`     | Make variables and identifiers italic                                                                                                                           |
| solarized_contrast                   | `true`      | Make sidebars and popup menus like nvim-tree and telescope have a different background                                                                                       |
| solarized_borders                    | `false`     | Enable the border between verticaly split windows visable
| solarized_disable_background         | `false`     | Disable the setting of background color so that NeoVim can use your terminal background

```lua
-- Example config in lua
vim.g.solarized_italic_comments = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_keywords = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_functions = true
vim.g.solarized_italic_variables = false
vim.g.solarized_contrast = true
vim.g.solarized_borders = false
vim.g.solarized_disable_background = false

-- Load the colorscheme
require('solarized').set()
```

```vim
" Example config in Vim-Script
let g:solarized_italic_comments = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_keywords = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_functions = v:true
let g:solarized_italic_variables = v:false
let g:solarized_contrast = v:true
let g:solarized_borders = v:false
let g:solarized_disable_background = v:false

" Load the colorsheme
colorscheme solarized
```
